Handful of minor docs corrections (#7823)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/trends.mdx

#### Changing the time range

When you first create an insight, PostHog will default to only plotting data from the last 7 days. This is great for getting a short term snapshot or digging in deeply to a specific time period, but oftentimes you'll want to see how your metrics change over the long term.

This can be done using the [display options at the top of the chart](#changing-the-display-options) and setting the 'Date range' to `Last 90 days`.

> **Note: ** Setting a very large time scale may severely impact your query performance as the number of events can increase dramatically

![showing a chart over a longer date range (90 days)](../../images/docs/user-guides/trends/longer-date-range.png)

> ** Note: ** You may see a portion of the chart plotted as a dotted line, which simply means that data for that period is still being collected

#### Saving and editing a trend

Now that you have your insight set up, the last step is to give it a name and save it so you can view it later! To give the insight a name, click on the pencil icon next to the title, then click the 'Save' button.

> If you ever want to go back and modify a trend, you can do so by clicking on its name in the 'Product Analytics' tab, and then clicking the 'Edit' button in the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever want to go back and modify a trend, you can do so by clicking on its name in the [Product Analytics](https://us.posthog.com/insights) tab, and then clicking the 'Edit' button in the top right.
```
